Docs: Link to the new alerting API spec (#35812)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/http_api/alerting.md

# Alerting API

> >**Note:** This information is for the [legacy dashboard alerts]({{< relref "../alerting/old-alerting/_index.md" >}}). A preview of Grafana 8 Alerts API specification can be found [here](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grafana/grafana/main/pkg/services/ngalert/api/tooling/post.json).

Author: This link is for the upstream version of the API. For the v8.0.x (latest) docs version should be:
`https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grafana/grafana/v8.0.x/pkg/services/ngalert/api/tooling/post.json` instead.

I wonder if there is a way to detect the target version of the docs (eg from the URI) and replace it appropriately.
Alternatively, we need to maintain this separately for each version which is harder and error prune.

Reviewer: Since the new 8.0 API is an opt in feature, detecting the version is not needed at this time.

> >**Note:** This information is for the [legacy dashboard alerts]({{< relref "../alerting/old-alerting/_index.md" >}}). A preview of Grafana 8 Alerts API specification can be found [here](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grafana/grafana/main/pkg/services/ngalert/api/tooling/post.json).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** This topic is relevant for the [legacy dashboard alerts]({{< relref "../alerting/old-alerting/_index.md" >}}) only. 

You can find Grafana 8 alerts API specification details [here](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grafana/grafana/main/pkg/services/ngalert/api/tooling/post.json).  Also, refer to [Grafana 8 alerts documentation]({{< relref "../alerting/unified-alerting/_index.md" >}}) for details on how to create and manage new alerts.
```

# Alerting API

>**Note:** This topic is relevant for the [legacy dashboard alerts]({{< relref "../alerting/old-alerting/_index.md" >}}) only. 

You can find Grafana 8 alerts API specification details [here](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grafana/grafana/main/pkg/services/ngalert/api/tooling/post.json).  Also, refer to [Grafana 8 alerts documentation]({{< relref "../alerting/unified-alerting/_index.md" >}}) for details on how to create and manage new alerts.

> You can use the Alerting API to get information about alerts and their states but this API cannot be used to modify the alert.
> To create new alerts or modify them you need to update the dashboard json that contains the alerts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the Alerting API to get information about legacy dashboard alerts and their states but this API cannot be used to modify the alert.
To create new alerts or modify them you need to update the dashboard JSON that contains the alerts.
```
